=====
AMIDE
=====

AMIDE stands for: AMIDE's a Medical Image Data Examiner

AMIDE is intended for viewing and analyzing 3D medical imaging data
sets.  For more information on AMIDE, check out the AMIDE web page at:
	http://amide.sourceforge.net

AMIDE is licensed under the terms of the GNU GPL included in the file
COPYING.



Requirements
------------


1) Compiler: 

I currently use gcc-2.95.2, as AMIDE is fairly unstable when compiled
with egcs-1.1.2 


2) Gtk+/Gnome:

I'm developing on Gtk+-1.2.8/Gnome 1.0 at the moment (i.e. default
Redhat 6.2 install). 


3) libxml2

Redhat 6.2 at least only comes with libxml.  AMIDE requires libxml2.
Check out http://xmlsoft.org if your version of Linux doesn't have
libxml2.



Optional Packages
-----------------


1) z_matrix_70/libecat

You will need this library if you want to import CTI 6.4 and 7.0 files
(xmedcon only can handle CTI 6.4).  This library is released under a
non-free license (which is why it's not incuded with AMIDE).  It can
be found on the AMIDE sourceforge website, or at it's original site:

	ftp://dormeur.topo.ucl.ac.be/pub/ecat/z_matrix_70/ecat.tar.gz

The source file off of amide.sourceforge.net is preferable, as it
includes a Makefile which will make a shared library, and a small
patch.  Since the license for libecat is non-GPL compatible, you
really should only link to it as a shared library.  A README file is
included with the tarball that explains how to configure/compile the
library.  RPM packages are also available off the AMIDE web site.


2) xmedcon/libmdc

Xmedcon includes a library (libmdc) which supports the following
formats; Acr/Nema 2.0, Analyze (SPM), DICOM 3.0, Ecat/Matrix 6.4,
InterFile3.3 and Gif87a/89a.  Note that CTI format is done by libecat
if libmdc is available.  If you're compiling in support for using both
libmdc and libecat, make sure to compile libmdc without CTI support or
else you're going to run into namespace bugs when trying to load in
any files through libmdc.  

xmedcon can be obtained from: 
	http://xmedcon.sourceforge.net

There is an RPM copy on the AMIDE web site which has been compiled
without CTI support



3) volpack/libvolpack

Volpack includes a library (libvolpack) which is used for the optional
volume rendering component of AMIDE.  

The original version can be found at:
	http://graphics.stanford.edu/software/volpack/

The version available on the AMIDE web site is preferable, as it's
been updated to compile cleanly under Linux.  RPM packages are also
available.



Building
--------

see the file INSTALL for info on compiling and installing.  If you
don't feel like reading that, try:

	./configure
	make 
	make install


if you're wondering about configuration options, a lot of information
can be obtained by running:

	./configure --help

